## Mohan
### Conjunctions
#### Sun
This aspect indicates lack of physical vitality and general suppression of ego. It is more of a counter-balance from the previous life which tells the person to slow down regarding the ego-ambition-recognition, etc. in this life. If this is not done consciously, then it will be forcefully achieved by proper circumstances.  Conversion of normal energies of 'individuality' into evolution of that soul will be noticed in this aspect in that particular life.  This often indicates some Karmic connections with the 'father-figure' that needs to be balanced in this life. Often a conflict from a previous life with the father has brought about this condition and circumstance. 

#### Pluto
This aspect brings about a generation which is anti-anti-establishment. Keeping the peace and harmony will be their motto.  They will not hesitate to use destruction for the sake of construction but only as a last resort.  Basically, their ideality is to put a curb on destruction or regeneration in order to elevate the individual soul. Some of their significant work consists of redistribution of Karma by taking the esoteric law in their hands. 

### Aspect to Ruler
15° ASPECT:
In this aspect, family possessions and their resources become a key factor in the Karmic growth of these individuals. If they are born in a rich family, money management or their constructive utilization is a main learning process. On the other hand, if they are born in a family with no social status, then establishing a social status or bringing the family to a better financial level becomes a key responsibility. Hard work is a part of this aspect no matter what they do.  Overwork and physical sickness from nervousness is often seen in this aspect.  Good work habits are significant outcome of this aspect. Hence, if the person refuses to learn good habits, circumstances will force the individual to do so. Close assoclatlon or deeper spirtual contacts with uncles and aunts is noticed. Living conditions are very significant to these people and a lot of effort and resources will be tied up with homes and properties. 


22 1/2° ASPECT:
In this aspect, money and resources are always key issues in life. Either too much or too little resources will decide which way the person wants to achieve things. Materialistic attitude is directly linked with the balance of Karma to be achieved and fulfilled in this life. In other words, a person born in a poor family will have stronger materialistic attitudes developed as he grows older. Similarly, the one who is born with financial self-sufficiency will detach himself from the materialistic ways of life as he grows older. For both of these types, middle age turns out to be a significant turning point in their respective attitudes. These people often have very polite manner of speech or 'sweet tongue'. This is an essential part of their karmic living. For those who do not have that, circumstances will teach them by force ho to be polite and soft in communication.  Unusual and unexpected happenings are quite common for these people in several areas of their life.  Substantial amount of creativity is descended from their father's side which helps these natives a great deal in life. 
